{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 If you find that there is missing code for specific examples in the book, send me an email at rcjacobuc@gmail.com.\
\
The scripts are organized by chapter, and for the most part, the data required for each script is also in each chapter\'92s folder. \
\
In addition, I\'92ve provided two scripts that I have used in the past as an introduction to R (\'93introduction_to_R\'94). One file is a .Rmd, which can be knit to produce a pdf file. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The NSDUH dataset can be downloaded from: https://www.datafiles.samhsa.gov/study-dataset/national-survey- drug-use-and-health-2014-nsduh-2014-ds0001-nid16876. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The code does not contain that much annotation. We highly recommend the use of ChatGPT for understanding the function of specific lines, and for troubleshooting errors. \
\
Note that data_kev.csv is a slightly processed version of the grit dataset as downloadable from openpsychometrics.org. \
\
For simulation studies that are detailed in some of the chapters, the full code is not provided given the number of scripts used. Instead, example scripts are provided for the imbalance simulation in Chapter 3 (imbalance_v6_nonlin.R). The code for the simulation in Chapter 7 is contained here: https://osf.io/73pnk/.\
}